Don't worry.
I will definitely teach him a good lesson for you.
So I have to thank you
Thank you, no need
Why don't you treat me to dinner?
But let's talk about it in advance
$1,000 meal
It's all junk food in my eyes
Can't eat at all
I can't afford a meal at 1,000 bucks.
Just kidding.
Look, I scared you
Since you signed that agreement
I'm going to donate my kidney to my brother
At that time, you will be the great benefactor of our Su family
I should be thanking you well
Xiaoyi, bring up the red wine, Xiaohong
When you were working in a hotel before
I am your leader.
Today, for the sake of Sister Yiyi
As a leader, I will personally call the police for you
Oops, Xiaohong, are you alright?